Update lint-format.md (#6909)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/lint-format.md

5. Restart the IDE.
6. Test it out and happy linting!

#### Snapshot linting
By default, dbt Cloud lints all modified `.sql` files in your project, including snapshots. [Snapshots](/docs/build/snapshots) can be defined in YAML _and_ `.sql` files, but their SQL isn't lintable and can cause errors during linting.

> To avoid having SQLFluff try to lint snapshot files, add the snapshots directory to your `.sqlfluffignore` file (for example `snapshots/`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent SQLFluff from linting snapshot files, add the snapshots directory to your `.sqlfluffignore` file (for example `snapshots/`).
```
